Now that we have a topic,
let's actually try to produce some data to it.
The first thing we're going to do is connect with a Kafka-console-producer.
So throughout this course,
when we produce and consume data from Kafka,
we're almost always going to use a Kafka producer or consumer.
For this example though and sometimes when you're debugging,
it's actually really useful to be able to use this client tool to connect to
Kafka to either create or read data out of the Kafka broker.
So again, I'm just going to run Kafka-console-producer command with
no options so that you can see all of the configuration options that it will print out.
We're going to go to View,
single document nodes so that it's clear to see what's going on.
So I'm going to hit "Enter",
and just like the Kafka topics command,
there are a number of options available here.
Again, you don't need to know all of
them but I do want to highlight a couple of important ones.
The broker lists tells the Kafka-console-producer which Kafka broker to connect to.
You're required to pass this in for
anything that you want do with the Kafka-console-producer.
That's about it. Other than the fact that you need to specify the topic.
So when you produce data, you need to
tell Kafka-console-producer which topic you would like to produce to.
So let's try that one more time.
We're going to specify our broker list,
and in this case we're going to use a different URL.
So be careful here. This isn't a zookeeper URL,
this is actually the URL of our Kafka broker.
So you'll notice the port is different from
what the Zookeeper port that was on the previous command.
Then we're going to specify the topic that we were using.
So in this case, we were using or we recreated
my-first-topic and that should be all we need to do.
I go ahead and enter.
Now you can tell it we're connected because of
this little carrot icon has appeared in the lower left-hand corner.
So we're going to actually start producing some data in here.
I'm going to say, "Hello world."
Then I'm going to say, "Hello world" again,
and then we can just type in a few more messages just to fill some data into the topic.
Okay, that's enough garbage data in this topic.
Let's actually disconnect and then
actually connect to consumer to this topic to see the data come out.
So I'm going to hit Control, C to exit.
I'm going to clear my workspace that we have a clean slate to work with.
Now, I'm going to minimize,
go out of Single-Document Mode and we're going to jump down to consuming data.
You're going to notice what the Kafka-console-consumer.
Unfortunately, it does not use the broker list syntax to specify the Kafka brokers.
It uses bootstrap-server.
I'm not entirely sure why the Kafka team
decided to be inconsistent with their switches here but
just note that the switch is not the same between
the Kafka-console-producer and the Kafka-console-consumer.
Otherwise, every other setting is the same.
So we're going to say Kafka-console-consumer
--topic my-first-topic --bootstrap-server plaintext.
In fact, the plain text is actually optional.
We can just type in localhost:9092.
Go ahead and hit "Enter", see what we missed here.
Go into View, Single-Document Mode.
So we misconfigured something, a typo.
Bootstrap-serer without a V.
So let's try running that command one more time after adding that V in there.
So we've got bootstrap-server with the V now.
Go ahead and hit "Enter". You're going to notice nothing happens.
It just sits here. What's going on?
So you might recall from the slides that I mentioned that when you
connect a Kafka-console-consumer or Kafka consumer of any kind,
by default it will only read new messages that are being produced into it.
Well, we closed our console producer so there are no new messages coming into this topic.
So there's nothing for this Kafka-console-consumer to do.
So let's actually create some data at the same time.
So I'm going to go out of Single-Document Mode.
I'm going to increase the size here a little bit,
and I'm going to go ahead and create another terminal window. All right.
So I'm going to take this terminal window,
I'm going to split it over here on the right.
This might get a little cramped but I'm going to create a Kafka-console-producer
just as we did in the previous section and
we're going to produce more data onto the topic.
Kafka-console-producer, again we're going to connect to the topic, my-first-topic.
We want to use the localhost:9092 broker.
I'm going to go ahead and Enter and wait for that character show up.
Okay, so now we can produce data.
So I'm going to just write a new message and hit "Enter", and wait a few seconds.
You can see that our messages have been produced.
I can produce another message and eventually
that message will be consumed by the consumer. Now, that's great.
You've seen how both the producer and the consumer can work together.
I'm going to go ahead and close this producer out because we no
longer need it and return to just this consumer.
What if I want to see all of the messages that are in his topic?
Not just ones that have been freshly produced.
You can add and I'm going to go back to full screen here.
You can add a switch that says dash dash from beginning.
This tells the Kafka consumer that when it starts to consume,
you want it to go to the very beginning of the topic.
So we're just going to hit up.
So we've got our Kafka-console-consumer command exactly the same as
before and we're just going to add dash dash from the beginning.
Now, we're going to see what happens.
You can see we have a lot more data now.
You can see our first, second,
third and so on messages all get listed.
So if you want to see all the data in a topic,
just make sure you use this from beginning switch.
Now, I'd like for you to go ahead and try that in your own exercise,
in your own workspace.